Students save over 70% on Adobe Creative Cloud
Get now!
Students save on
Fashion
,
Travel
,
Food
,
Technology
,
UNiDAYS
,
Want to save money while you study? Get student deals on 300+ brands—for FREE!
Start saving now
Fashion
View the best student deals from brands like adidas, Nike, Shein and Oh Polly.
Hollister, Extra 10% Discount
Hollister
Extra 10% Discount
American Eagle, 20% Off
American Eagle
20% Off
adidas, 30% Off Full Price
adidas
30% Off Full Price
Shein, 15% Off
Shein
15% Off
View more
Fashion
Exclusive giveaways, personalised offers and more?
`Appy days!
Get the free app!
Just In
Discover brands hot off the press and new to UNiDAYS 🔥
iHerb, 22% Off for New Customers
iHerb
22% Off for New Customers
HelpBnk, Start Your Business with Simon Squibb's Team
HelpBnk
Start Your Business with Simon Squibb's Team
Exclusive
Culture Kings, 15% Off
Culture Kings
15% Off
Exclusive
AMC Theatres, Up to 50% Off Tickets and Food & Drink
AMC Theatres
Up to 50% Off Tickets and Food & Drink
View more
Just In
Frequently Asked Questions
What is UNiDAYS?
UNiDAYS is a fast, free digital platform that provides exclusive student deals and benefits to our verified audience of 29m+. We work hard to secure the best discounts on top brands—if you want it, chances are we've got it.
If you're a current student, joining UNiDAYS lets you save, learn and earn through our network of trusted partners. So, if you searched 'student discounts', you've come to the right place.
How does UNiDAYS work?
Current students can join UNiDAYS for free in just 5 minutes. Simply register with your personal email address, verify your student status and you've unlocked 12 months of UNiDAYS student deals. No student discount card or ID card needed, UNiDAYS has all the best student discounts all together, in one place, at your fingertips.
That's access to the best student discounts on loads of brands, both in-store and online.
Want to use a student discount in store? Show your UNiDAYS iD at checkout when you're in a UNiDAYS-partnered store.
You'll need to re-verify your student status every 12 months to continue accessing your exclusive discount codes, but don't worry, it's quick and easy.
How to join UNiDAYS and access your student membership?
If you're wondering how to get student discount, don't sweat it—signing up couldn't be easier. Simply register for an account and follow the simple verification process. Once completed, you've secured 12 months of exclusive deals and offers.
You'll need to re-verify your student status once every 12 months to continue accessing your exclusive student discount codes, but don't worry, it's quick and easy.
How do I verify my student status to become a UNiDAYS student member?
In the UNiDAYS world, verification simply means that we need to prove your student status—it's really easy. Sounds great, but how do you get student discount? The first step is to get verified and there are multiple ways to do so.
We offer near-instant automatic verification through the majority of our approved institutions, but if this isn't available, we can verify your student status with the physical student ID card issued to you by your university—just bear in mind this method can take up to 7 days in busy periods.
Is UNiDAYS only for students?
We're here for ALL students. That means plenty of schools and colleges, depending on where you are. If you're currently studying at one of our available institutions and/or have a valid student ID card, you're all set to become a verified UNiDAYS member.
After you've left your institution, you won't be able to re-verify your student account.
How do I download the UNiDAYS app?
It's simple. Head to either the iOS App Store or Google Play Store and download the UNiDAYS App, completely free.
Google Play Store
iOS App Store
Once you've downloaded the UNiDAYS App, registration is quick and easy, so you'll be enjoying student deals in no time, as well as exclusive student giveaways, polls, content and more
How do I use UNiDAYS to get student deals in-store?
Get exclusive offers in-store by showing your UNiDAYS iD at the checkout. Some student benefits will have an in-store code for the teller to scan, so simply check your app before you pay.
You'll find your UNiDAYS iD on the free UNiDAYS App—consider it your very own digital student coupon card.
Is UNiDAYS a valid student ID?
For the best deals and discounts with our brand partners, absolutely! However, your UNiDAYS iD isn't the same as your institution-issued student ID, so you won't be able to use it to access buildings or libraries, for example.
Although UNiDAYS does verify your student status, it's not currently accepted everywhere as an official student ID—if you're unsure, check with the organisation you're visiting ahead of time.