Discounts
As Panthers, we look forward to helping you and FIU grow in the classroom, on the field, at work, at home, or anywhere you may find yourself around the world!
We work hard to provide our alumni with some of the best discounts available. Here are some of the benefits available through our
Panther Perks Program
.
When registering, use the code: GoPanthers

FIU is proud to announce an exclusive offer for FIU alumni! Save 20% on each ticket for: Barilla’s Italian Bites on the Beach sponsored by HCP Media and the Miami Herald Media Company hosted by Giada De Laurentiis on Thursday, February 22, 2018* BACARDÍ presents Walshy Fire’s Rum & Bass Beach Party on Saturday, February 24, 2018 […]
The next time you’re shopping at Target, stock up on your FIU gear! The Target stores on 10101 W. Flagler, 7800 SW 104th St. and 7795 SW 40th St. have something for your entire family – women, men’s, children’s shirts and even baby onesies! Please support our FIU! As FIU continues to grow as an institution, […]
Have you visited the FIU Ropes Course and Experiential Learning Center (TRAC) on the Biscayne Bay Campus yet? Team building programs focuses on human development and group dynamics, fostering professional and personal development. Participants will learn new skills through a series of adventure-based activities that provide training in leadership, teambuilding, communication and conflict resolution skills.     The facilitators […]
FIU is proud to announce an exclusive offer for FIU alumni! Save 20% on each ticket for: Barilla’s Italian Bites on the Beach sponsored by HCP Media and the Miami Herald Media Company hosted by Valerie Bertinelli & Alex Guarnaschelli on Thursday, February 23, 2017, 7:00 p.m. – 10:00 p.m. Goya Foods’ Grand Tasting Village […]
Support your Panthers in style! Don’t miss your chance to pick up the new PINK FIU gear from Victoria’s Secret! Here’s a look at their new items: Visit the PINK FIU page for more.
The FIU Alumni Association is proud to partner with III Points Music, Art and Technology Festival! III Points is gearing up for its fourth installment at Mana Wynwood, announcing the release of single day passes, which go live July 12th, 2016 at 11:11 am (EST). A limited number of day passes will be offered at $70, […]
Meet owners and winemakers, taste wines that are hard to find and discover new favorites! Every wine featured has a 90+ rating from Wine Spectator. Alumni save 20% using the promo code FIU16 and ticket sales support student scholarships! Promo code: FIU16
An important financial concern that we often hear from clients is, “How can I improve my credit score?” Now, I have to give a quick disclaimer that our company, CameronDowning, is not a credit repair or debt consolidation service. Our goal is to arm you with the education you need to establish a strong financial foundation – this often includes advice on how to […]
Jiffy Lube FIU alumni receive 15% off oil changes & services at over 1,900 Jiffy Lube locations nationwide. Important Details: This offer coupon may be printed, or presented on a mobile device without printing.  Offer must be presented at time of service. Cannot be combined with any other offer or used in addition to fleet […]
The Miami HEAT has partnered with the FIU Alumni Association to close out the 2015-16 season! Due to your involvement with the FIU Alumni Association, you could be part of this exciting evening while supporting our Student Scholarship Fund. We’ve created two special packages for you to choose from! Detroit Pistons vs Miami HEAT Tuesday, April […]
1
2
3
»