FIU One Card Benefits
Get Busy Exploring FIU
One of the benefits of being an FIU Connect4Success student is the ability to spend time in your future Panther home while earning your AA degree. Just like enrolled FIU students, Connect4Success students are eligible to receive the FIU One Card, our Student Photo ID. Like so many Connect4Success students before you, take advantage of all that is available to you at FIU. #PawsUp
Get your FIU One Card
FIU One Card is available at our annual Connect4Success Kickoff events at MDC, BC, and PBSC. If you do not get your card at that time, you can get it at FIU.
Visit
FIU One Card
for hours and locations and
Affiliate/Alumni
section to review all benefits.
Connect4Success Benefits That Keep You Connected & Engaged
Attend Home Athletic Games
FIU is home to 14 NCAA Division I sports, including volleyball, baseball, basketball, soccer, softball, and football! There’s nothing quite like spending time with friends, seeing
Roary
pump up the crowd, and rooting for our FIU Panthers! Your FIU One Card gets you into any home game free of charge.
View all sports and schedules at FIU Sports
FIU Library Privileges
It’s not unusual to find Connect4Success students studying with friends, researching topics for a project, or writing papers at our
libraries
.
Book-borrowing privileges: 10 books for 30 days, with 1 online renewal.
Access to all online databases while inside the library.
Access to librarians with expertise in specific disciplines.
Remote access to online databases at:
https://library.fiu.edu/libguides
Wellness & Recreation Center
From yoga to swimming, kayaking to personal training, FIU’s Wellness & Recreation Center (WRC) is more than just a gym! Using the FIU One Card, Connect4Success students receive a
discounted membership rate of $60 per term
, which includes access to our state of the art facilities, fitness classes, and much more.
Join the Wellness & Recreation Center
Visiting FIU
Connect4Success students are welcomed to visit FIU anytime. If you want to get the full experience,
sign-up for a campus tour
, and plan ahead with our
Campus Maps
. See you around!
Sign-up for a Campus Tour